Fix/pull request advise (#13)
Stooa/Documentation: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Pull requests 

To contribute to the project you have to firstly carefully read the [**DCO**](CONTRIBUTING.md#DCO-license) section, use the pull request system and format your commits accordingly.

If you intend to [fix a bug](CONTRIBUTING.md#bug-fixing) it's fine to submit a **pull request** right away but we still recommend to file an [issue](issue_bug) detailing what you're fixing. This is helpful in case we don't accept that specific fix but want to keep track of the issue.

> Please, when creating a new **pull request** read our template carefully and don't delete it (Said template will appear when you start a pull request). It will guide you to do it properly and fill all the information contributors and core team will need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please, when creating a new **pull request** read our template carefully and don't delete it (it will appear when you start a pull request). This will help you to provide all the information needed to understand your contribution, not only to the core team, but also for other contributors.
```
